Bulletin

Sunday July 19, 2026

Subtitle

Announcements
MEN'S INTENSIVE 3 IS COMING!  August 13 - September 24
MI3:  A Better Way to Live  (Registration Opens July 16)
A 7-week commitment to  show up on 7 Thursdays at 6 a.m. to have 7 conversations with 7 other men you should know but may not.
Scan the QR code for more information:

The Red Rose welcomes Timothy "Archie" Bucknor born on July 10 to Mary Liddon Archie and Judson Bucknor. The proud grandparents are Shellie and Les Archie.

Flower Dedication
The flowers are given today by Laurin and Waring Porter to celebrate the baptism of their granddaughter, Charlotte Mae Porter, and in gratitude for this congregations' sustaining prayers. "He has done great things for us and we are filled with joy!" Psalm 126:3

Those Who Serve
Assisting Elder - Dr. Steve Blair
Greeters - Brent & Mollie Johnson
Ushers - Nate Alexander, Billy Scott Blackwelder, Bob Moore, Brian Thomas, Spencer Lee
Acolytes - Madelyn Whittington & Kathryn Moore
Nursery - Deborah Kiddy, Penny Long, Suzanne Davis, Tara Mathis, and Jeannie Blackwelder
AV Engineer - Russell Smith

Staff
Rev. Waring Porter -  Pastor
Gregg Parker - Dir. of Discipleship
Bobby Capps - Dir. of Outreach & Care
Jennifer Shipp - Dir. of Student Ministries
Laura Kate Carmichiel - Dir. of Women's Ministries & Communications
Phyllis Sellers - Day School Director
Jan Pike - Choir Director
Malachi Doren - Accompanist
Teresa Tsagarakis - Administrative Assistant
Sammy Allred - Bookkeeper

Church Calendar
July 22- Kids Quest Parent Meeting @ 5:30 Fellowship Hall
July 22- Youth House Parent Meeting @ 6:15 in Youth House 
July 26th - Rally Day
July 27th - First Day of School (Corinth);Back to School Prayer @ Pavilion 8 am 
July 29th- Luncheon @ Pizza Grocery 11:30 am for empty-nesters and up 
August 2nd - Session Meeting
August 9th - Deacons Meeting
August 10th - Youth Bible Studies Restart
August 13th - MI3 Begins
August 14th-15 - Officer Spouse Retreat


Liturgy Notes
Use the liturgy notes for this week from the liturgy document

Pew Bible: - Page 390



Welcome
We are Glad You Are Here!

We are honored that you decided to join us this morning.  Whether it is your first time in church, your first time in a long while, or part of your regular rhythm, we hope you will be encouraged by the fellowship with each other, and with our Lord, as we worship him together.

If this is your first time with us, please take a moment and fill out a Next Steps Card found on the back of the pew.  We would love to meet you and help you get connected.  

Children & Nursery
Children’s Church — Individual members of our congregation are leading "A Word for the Children" during the month of July after the offertory. Children's bulletins and crayons are available at both entrances to the Sanctuary.  Nursery rooms for infants through age 3 are in the Education Wing, with the entrance behind the playground on the west side of campus. Children are always welcome in worship!

Our Vision & Mission

Our vision is to see lives transformed by the power of the gospel, rooted in God’s Word and the Reformed tradition, in order to create a culture of discipleship at FPC where disciples WORSHIP holistically, GROW relationally in Christ, and SERVE boldly in the world for the glory of God.  Our mission is to accomplish this by “Being Disciples and Making Disciples.”

Church Contact Information
919 East Shiloh Rd, Corinth, MS 38834
fpccorinth.org
6622866638




