Bulletin

Sunday June 28, 2026

Subtitle

Announcements


Flower Dedication
The Flowers that adorn the sanctuary today are given in honor of all our Sunday School teachers by Jed and Caroline James

Those Who Serve
Assisting Elder - Clayton Stanley 
Greeters - Holland and Caitlin Yeates
Ushers - Joshua Bryant, Kevin Williams, Ward Bynum, Cole Sanders, Sam Walker
Acolytes - Pierce Albarracin and Pete Fisher
Nursery - Maribel Albarran and Mary Elizabeth Pounders
Circle of Prayer - Alberto Albarracin and Becky Stewart
AV Engineer - Russell Smith

Staff
Rev. Waring Porter -  Pastor
Gregg Parker - Dir. of Discipleship
Brett Grantham - Dir. of Intergenerational Min.
Bobby Capps - Dir. of Outreach & Care
Phyllis Sellers - Day School Director
Jennifer Shipp - Student Min. Coordinator
Jan Pike - Choir Director
Malachi Doren - Accompanist
Teresa Tsagarakis - Administrative Assistant
Sammy Allred - Bookkeeper

Church Calendar
July 2nd - Hands to Heart - Youth House 12pm
July 3rd - July 8th - RYM
July 6th - Session Meeting
July 13th - Deacon's Meeting

The Anthem - “Grace" - Carolyn Hamlin
Lord, as I seek your guidance for the day,
I find my thoughts unyielding: confusion clouds my way,
But, then when I bow to you, the challenges you guide me through,
Your promises are ever new: I claim them for today.

Your will cannot lead me where your grace cannot keep me.
Your hand will protect me: I rest in your care.
Your eyes will watch over me: Your love will forgive me.
And when I am faltering, I still will find you there.

Each new day’s design is guided by your hand,
And graciously revealed as I seek your Master plan.
Keep my footsteps faithful when from you I go.
Return me to the joy that your blessings can bestow.

Your will cannot lead me where your grace cannot keep me.
Your hand will protect me: I rest in your care.
Your eyes will watch over me: Your love will forgive me.
And when I am faltering, I still will find you there.

Your eyes will watch over me,
Your love will forgive me,
And when I am faltering,
Lord, I will find you there.


Liturgy Notes

Prelude
The prelude provides a quiet moment to prepare for worship. As the music begins, we are encouraged to calm our hearts, focus our minds, and enter reverently into God's presence.

Corporate Confession:
Confessing as a community of believers reminds us of who God is, who we are, and how we have failed to live as God has called us to.

Scripture - See Sermon Notes
Pew Bible: - See Sermon Notes



Welcome
We are Glad You Are Here!

We are honored that you decided to join us this morning.  Whether it is your first time in church, your first time in a long while, or part of your regular rhythm, we hope you will be encouraged by the fellowship with each other, and with our Lord, as we worship him together.

If this is your first time with us, please take a moment and fill out a Next Steps Card found on the back of the pew.  We would love to meet you and help you get connected.  

Children & Nursery
Children’s Church — The Youth Group is leading Children's Church for the month of June.  Nursery rooms for infants through age 3 are in the Education Wing, with the entrance behind the playground on the west side of campus. Children are always welcome in worship!

Our Vision & Mission

Our vision is to see lives transformed by the power of the gospel, rooted in God’s Word and the Reformed tradition, in order to create a culture of discipleship at FPC where disciples WORSHIP holistically, GROW relationally in Christ, and SERVE boldly in the world for the glory of God.  Our mission is to accomplish this by “Being Disciples and Making Disciples.”

Church Contact Information
919 East Shiloh Rd, Corinth, MS 38834
fpccorinth.org
6622866638




